Privacy Policy
We are committed to protect the privacy of our registered users and Website visitors. We therefore commit to, at any time, follow the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding the kind of information we collect from you, how we may use it and how we protect it.You always have the opportunity to add or edit your own Personal Data and you may also erase and delete the information when you disable your user account.

Security
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. All Personal Data provided to us is stored on secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of any information via the internet and mobile networks is not entirely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of the Personal Data transmitted to the Website. Any transmission is at your own risk. However, once we have received your Personal Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

Cookies
We uses cookies in order to improve our services and create statistics of your and other user use of the Website. Cookies are files that are saved by your web browser on your device (e.g. computer or phone). These files consist of text and are named after the websites you have visited. You can choose to not receive cookies in your web browser.
Disabling cookies in your browser is easy and only takes a couple of minutes. Below you’ll find links to guides for the most common browsers:
Chrome:https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Safari:https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
Firefox:https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/block-websites-storing-site-preferences
Explorer:http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-1
We use Google Analytics to measure the pages you visit, time spent on pages, when you last visited them and where you came from. If you want to opt out from Google Analytics, see:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
When you visit our websites, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand where you have been on our website. Our partners, AdRolland DoubleClick, then enable us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with us. The techniques our advertising partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
You can visit thishttp://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/ to opt out of AdRoll, DoubleClick and their respective partners’ targeted advertising.
Links to third parties websites or services
Heja can, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we are not, under any circumstances, responsible or liable for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites.

Changes of this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to, at any time and of any reason, amend this Privacy Policy. We will not diminish your rights under this Privacy Policy or under applicable data protection laws. All amended terms shall be effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted. However, if we make changes that we deems necessary to fulfill legal requirements, such new terms shall apply immediately after having been published

